Influencers,
these are individuals or groups who have the power to affect
decisions of others because of their authority,
knowledge, position, or relationship.
Now,
let's look at each demand type and what kinds of
influencers are typically associated with each.
Let's look at influencers for each demand type.
For operations, influencers may be your manager, end users, developers.
For projects, influencers may be middle management,
business focal points, IT management.
For initiatives, influencers may be board of directors,
executives, steering groups.
Now,
you may have noticed that the people with the
greater influence are on the right.
And, as you move to the left, first to projects,
and then to operations,
the people most associated with that demand type typically
have less influence in an organization.
Yes, this is a generality, and there are exceptions,
certainly, but initiatives are usually driven by senior executives,
projects by more mid-level management and subject matter experts,
and operations by end users and line management.
So, it goes from the right, with greater influence,
down to the left,
with less influence in terms of the overall influence to that organization.
Now, demand isn't just someone coming to you.
Demand management includes you trying to figure out
what the demand may be in the future. So, let's look at the notion of forecasting.